hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a supernatural mystery thriller film: "Odd Thomas"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
Odd Thomas was born in a small town in California
his mother is a psychic who is put in a psychiatric hospital
for people believe she has a mental disease
Thomas has the same power as his mother
in order to protect himself, Thomas hides his ability from others
with time passing by, his psychic power grows stronger
Thomas is not scared of what he is capable of
he thinks his power is a blessing, and often uses it to help the lingering dead
one day, he meets a young girl's spirit, who was murdered
the spirit leads him to a car parked at the roadside
it turns out the driver is the murderer
Thomas pulls his car key, and beats him up for the poor girl
in most people's eyes, Thomas is an odd boy who likes to make trouble
but for those innocent ghosts, he is very kind-hearted
Thomas always captures the murderer before the police do
a detective who knows Thomas well, appreciates his help
so every time he would make a false confession, to help Thomas cover his power
one night, Thomas has a bad dream of being surrounded
by a bunch of faceless people in bowling shirts
suddenly, a gunman appears, and shoots them all
those faceless people cry for help
one of them carries Thomas home
the next day, Thomas wakes up in his bed, and realizes it is a warning of how he dies
ghosts can't talk, so Thomas doesn't know much about the details
growing up without parents, Thomas lives a simple life
he is a chef in a fast-food restaurant
the owner of the restaurant likes him, because of his excellent cooking skill
he is in a relationship with a girl he grew up with
Thomas can see not only humans' spirits
but also evil creatures called bodachs, that feed on carnage
if they gather somewhere, it means there will be a disaster
long ago, Thomas had a friend who was also a psychic
bodachs found that he could see them
they then possessed a driver, and hit him with a car
when Thomas sees some bodachs wandering around in the restaurant
he calms himself down, and observes them without being discovered
every time a bodach approaches his girlfriend, he would cleverly interfere
soon a bodach is suspicious of him, and stares at him closely
though scared, Thomas continues his work, pretending that he doesn't see it
more and more bodachs gather in the restaurant
Thomas knows that killing is coming
lots of people are going to die
when he finished work, he wants to follow the bodachs
but is stopped by a friend called Viola, who is a single mother with two kids
she tells Thomas she has been having bad dreams, and hopes Thomas can help her
she also dreams about faceless people, wearing red bowling shirts
he doesn't tell her the truth
he just asks her to relax, and it will be fine
having said goodbye to Viola
Thomas continues to track down the bodachs with his psychic magnetism
he comes to a shopping mall, and sees his girlfriend who is on working there
his girlfriend knows about his power
although she can't see ghosts, she is happy to help Thomas gather information
Thomas notices some bodachs hovering over a man with yellow hair
Thomas gives the man the nickname Fungus Bob
Fungus Bob leaves the mall with two tubs of ice cream
the bodachs stop following him, and return to hell
according to what Thomas knows about bodachs
they will not leave until the killing and harm are finished
feeling strange, Thomas follows Fungus Bob to a house outside of the city
when Fungus Bob leaves the house, Thomas breaks in, and is attracted by a wooden door
the resentment coming behind the door, is so strong that it almost freezes the air
Thomas walks into that door, and finds a passage to hell
sensing the danger, he runs out of the room immediately, and hides behind another door
soon countless bodachs storm out of the room through the passage
Thomas holds his breath, and stays still
he calls his girlfriend when the bodachs all leave
and returns to that room that is back to normal
on the wall, Thomas sees lots of pictures and newspaper cuttings about murders
through the files he finds in the room
he realizes Fungus Bob is planning a terrorist attack tomorrow
Fungus Bob's accomplice appears outside of the house
Thomas escapes through a window before he is discovered
to stop the attack from happening
Thomas tells the detective what he found in Fungus Bob's house
the detective trusts him and assigns a new officer to investigate right away
because Thomas's warning is always right
later that day, Thomas meets his girlfriend for dinner in a church
he sees Fungus Bob coming to them angrily
so he closes the gate and hides in the sacristy with his girlfriend
Fungus Bob breaks into the church and destroys the sacristy
Thomas escapes with his girlfriend and informs the detective
hoping the detective can keep an eye on Fungus Bob
later, Thomas comes to a bowling alley under the lead of his psychic magnetism
the staff here are wearing the same shirts as the faceless people in his dream
he calls the detective immediately
the detective sends officer Simon there
Simon doesn't know Thomas has a special ability and thinks it is a prank
without a choice, Thomas ignores the officer
he then comes to Viola's house and asks her to recall her dream
he sees a vague scene through contacting Viola
but he can't figure out where the attack is going to happen
time is getting short
Thomas suggests Viola leave the town immediately
when driving home, Thomas stops halfway
and wanna give a tongue massage to appease his worrying girlfriend
right then, they hear a woman screaming
Thomas rushes towards the woman
but when he finds her, the woman is killed by a bald man by accident
the bald man explains to the police that he saw the woman was chased and attacked by dogs
he wanted to shoot the dog, but he shot the woman by accident
those dogs are kept by Fungus Bob
so the detective gives an order to capture Fungus Bob
before leaving, Thomas gives the detective a metal pendant
he dreams that an accident is going to happen to the detective
and the pendant can protect him
Thomas returns home and finds a gun on the floor
Fungus Bob is shot dead in his bathtub
Thomas realizes somebody wants to frame him for the murder
he recalls what happened before
and discovered the one that chased him at the church was Fungus Bob's spirit
in fact, Fungus Bob has been dead for a while
Thomas moves the body to an abandoned prison and hides it in a gas chamber
on his way back, he sees countless bodachs running around in the town
he has never seen so many bodachs in his life
he is absolutely terrified
in the meantime, a hitman knocks at the detective's door
and shoots him as soon as he opens the door
luckily the detective is wearing the pendant, so he escapes death
while the detective is receiving treatment in a hospital
Thomas returns to Fungus Bob's house
and tries to find more information about his accomplices from the computer
the movement in the fridge gets his attention
to his shock, he finds some female's fingers and a skull in the fridge
Thomas is going to call the police
suddenly, Fungus Bob's spirit appears, and wants revenge on him
Thomas jumps out of the window and escapes
the house then explodes, with all the evidence burned to the ground
Thomas has to find evidence elsewhere
he goes back to Fungus Bob's body and finds a tattoo identical to Simon's
the tattoo "POD" means "Prince of Darkness", representing worship towards the demon
Thomas rushes to the mall using his psychic magnetism
all the staff in the monitoring Room are killed
Thomas knocks the killer out with a baseball bat and takes the killer's mask off
to his surprise, the killer is not officer Simon but the new officer
Thomas now realizes Fungus Bob has two accomplices
their plan was interrupted by Thomas
they killed Fungus Bob, who was tracked by Thomas, and attempted to get rid of the detective
the new officer's girlfriend saw files about the attack
so they caused an accident and killed the girl
bodachs don't hover over Simon and the new officer
which means bodachs discovered Thomas's ability long ago
they just played with him
thinking that his girlfriend is still in the mall, Thomas grabs a gun and rushes into the mall
where he sees Viola, who didn't leave the town, and the staff from the bowling alley
his dream is to become real
the door to hell suddenly opens on the roof of the mall
bodachs climb out of the door and take up the whole mall in no time
Thomas is looking for Simon and hears people screaming
people rush to the gates, but all gates are closed
a masked gunman fires an automatic weapon at the crowd
though bodachs try to stop him, Thomas manages to fires at the gunman and kills him
after that, Thomas turns to the ice cream shop to check on his girlfriend
he is relieved to see his girlfriend is unharmed
before he can reunite with his girlfriend
he sees the new officer's dead girlfriend is calling at him, and the bodachs are still here
Thomas realizes it is not over yet
he then takes the gunman's mask off and finds he is the bald man who shot a woman by accident
it turns out there are four members in Fungus Bob's team
Simon is the leader
Thomas follows the new officer's dead girlfriend to the parking lot
and discovers a van packed with explosives
a bodach possesses Simon who is leaving the lot, and makes him shoot at Thomas
Thomas gets shot, but he still drives the van and leaves the mall
Simon clings to the outside of the van and shoots at Thomas
this time Thomas escapes the bullet and jumps out of the van
the van crashes, and the explosion kills Simon
later, Thomas awakens from his coma in a hospital
his girlfriend has been keeping his company
Thomas becomes famous for saving many people's lives
but he enjoys more the hormone time spent with his girlfriend
they have a great time together, enjoying food and watching Daniel CC movies
which seem far better than their hormone games now
one day, the detective and his wife knock at his door
Thomas finally faces reality: his girlfriend was killed in the mall
he is too sad to accept the truth
his girlfriend only stays in this world for Thomas
she doesn't want to see him alone
though heart-broken, Thomas lets his girlfriend go
he believes one day he will see his girlfriend again
before that, he is going to fulfill his responsibility
to help the living and the lingering dead
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out